Li Feng, who gave you the courage?
Let you break into my Liu family alone
To deal with your Liu family
I am enough alone
On my territory
Why are you still pretending to be Lei Feng?
Don't you just have some dirty money?
What else do you have?
Otherwise, I'll pee on you.
Take good care of yourself
You should be the one to identify yourself
Hum Li Feng
There are only two paths before you now.
First, you bought Xingyue Media for 10 billion.
5 billion transferred to me
Want me to sell Xingyue Media at a discount
Just dream on. Don't worry.
I haven't finished yet.
Second, these two
He is a warrior that my Liu family has raised for more than ten years.
If you don't hand over Xingyue Media to me
Then I'll have to use some special means.
cut
And your employees.
Then I will have to take responsibility for your mistakes.
Just a few of them
What special means are there?
Are you ready to drink the wine for punishment if you don't accept my toast?
I'm going to have some fun in front of you today.
Try moving again.
What am I afraid of?